Besides the 2D objects we can also generate
3d objects. I've used the same boilerplate as
before. We have an objects array here and let's
start with the cube. Generate a variable to store
our cube object inside. The cube command/function
also takes an object with parameters. Again we can
define a center. I will leave this now at the
default value. And then we can define the size
of our cube. Then of course we need
to push it into our objects array.
And now we have a cube that we can further
work with. The next object is the sphere.
Again a variable and then the sphere
command. This one takes also an object
and i will simply copy the parameters from
before, so this time we will move the object
a little bit to the side, so that they don't
overlap and in this case it's a radius not size.
And if i save this,
oh, of course i need to add it to our
objects array, otherwise it's not rendered.
We get our sphere and similar to the circle we had
before, we can also define segments if we want.
Let's use a very low number of segments
to really see the difference here.
And now we can see a lot less smooth circular
sphere-ish surface here. And the last object
i want to show you, there are actually a lot
more objects that you can generate a lot more 3d
primitives, i've added a list of other primitives
below this video with links to the reference where
you can see how they are generated. So the
last one i want to show you is the cylinder.
I will just abbreviate this here. And the
cylinder function, this one also takes an object
and i will copy this from our sphere.
This time we move it to the other side.
And the cylinder also has a
radius and in addition a height.
And let's increase the segments for our
cylinder and of course we need to push it
into our objects array.
Save it and now we also have a cylinder.